let's talk business this day comes to
town every Tuesday are you free tuesday
yeah I'm preachers you can't stop what
you can't see this guy came from the
outside it was a problem it was fast in
the art of the kill Leon was the master
somebody's coming up
somebody serious he never missed a hit
he'd never got caught you're
indestructible bullet slide off do you
claim and above all else he never had a
reason to care until now I like this car
little moments before the storm my
family was shot down by DEA officers
three kids here one of them is missing
find her please from the director of La
Femme Nikita don't know we all die
tonight I can feel an innocent girl with
no one else to turn to what exactly do
you do from it you know give me your
headband
perfect assassin want to get those
dirtbags kills my brother with someone
to finally believe in change ankle
remember that Leon I will they're about
to come face-to-face with the car who's
crossed the line bring me everyone you
mean everyone
Oh